hey loves so it is colour-pop day again
I finally got my hands on the rebound
quad and then for new lippies did for
new hyper glossy ones so the spring line
from colour-pop that we're going to go
through some swatches I'll tell you a
little bit about the quad and the
forenoon libby's per usual I will start
with the four new lippie Stix I almost
didn't get all of them but then I was
going to get two of them and I was like
I'm gonna get to why not get four
because that's how my mind works let's
see let's start with the kind of pinky
nude it's not real creepy pinky nude my
hands are totally stained from when I
swatch them earlier and I've watched my
hands twice and tried to get it off with
a makeup wipe twice so let's see they
always smell so good seriously okay so
I'm just going to watch it right here so
they're hyper gloss which is nice so
they're different from a lot of the ones
you can barely see that but it's really
really beautiful like I always say but
this is definitely my type of shade it's
a nice kind of peachy pink a nude I will
wear this it smells so good i love that
it has the hyper glossy finish it's
gonna make it really easy to wear and
probably gonna put it right in my purse
so i can wear it or day this one's
called Cupid me peachy pinky nude these
are all kind of Valentine's day-themed
that's why the quad is named rebound
because all about that life so not all
about the rebound like I don't know you
all about the colour-pop life together
Shannon get it together so this nice
purple e1 is corset and again another
hyper glossy I just like it so really
it's a purple but it's a very wearable
purple a very wearable lilac lavender
shade again this smells amazing
and i love the hyper glossy finish I
mean I'm all I'm a total Matt girl I
love wearing matte lipsticks but it's a
nice option and it's nice to put this on
you don't really think about it don't
talk with the gloss it's gonna be a
little more moisturizing at least I feel
like these ones are more moisturizing
next one is go fish so kind of an
electric pink really gorgeous I'm
curious to see how this is gonna look
with my hair I might actually really
like it I have bright red like some more
Barry that I have one now but I had on
bright red and actually really light
really liked it with my bright red hair
even that was a lot of red so the last
one is juicy I'm pretty sure this movie
said was a strawberry shade maybe go
fish was but it makes her since the
juicy was a strawberry shade and I was
extremely I gotta get that so that one's
really cute it's a nice pinky pinky
shapes that's more of a red a red pink
in a pink pink you know what I'm saying
so those are the four new ones
there you go you can see all of them
Cupid corset Go Fish and juicy so we're
going to get into these so the pressed
pigment and this is called X I love this
so much love it so much so I'm sure how
pretty is that just this really
beautiful kind of peachy coral put it
right here so really really love this it
says it's not for the immediate area but
I'm a rebel I'll probably try it and
this one here this is a matte this one
and done so this is going to be a really
great brow bone highlight ok again gonna
be really hard to see on my skin tone
but you definitely get the idea so
really pale kind of beige yellow this
one is called audios it's a really nice
matte cool tone brown which they don't
have a lot of most of their mats are
warm Browns a lot of their matt Browns
or warm Browns shall I say which I mean
I'm not mad about I love me some warm
Browns but this is a really nice option
to have a cool brown so very wearable
quad super smooth and pigmented as
always I cannot wait to put this in my
crease and yeah yo and you know I had to
save my absolute favorite for last this
is called too soon this is the only
metallic one in the bunch this is really
beautiful peachy with pink sparkle it's
a peachy you know me and trying to
explain these amazing this will just say
that
like a pinky gold peachy magic pot of
magic I hope you can see some of that
sparkle and see that definitely a pretty
sheer wash of color but it's going to be
gorgeous you can put on top of another
peach or on the top of another pink and
it's going to really bring out that pink
sparkle and all right loves so those are
the swatches of the rebound quad from
colour-pop please give this video a
thumbs up if you want to see more color
pop tutorials i know you guys do and i
will get to those very soon I promise I
did just film this one that has a little
bit of color pop in it and I love me
some color pop there's been so many new
things that I just wanted to make
patrols on and usually I film one
tutorial as i sit down to film videos
and I film videos like one twat once the
twice a week if I can I wish I could do
it more often and I can make all the
tutorials and from all the videos for
you all the time ah so anyway please
thumbs up for more color pop Charles so
I know that you still want them and
please thumbs up to gets video around
and shared and help me reach the people
and that would make me so happy and you
guys I got more likes on the last color
pop video than I feel like I've gotten
on a lot of videos because you guys
helped make that happen so please share
and like and comment and all that stuff
I love talking you guys down below
sometimes I do get busy and I can't
respond right away but I do try to
respond to everyone that I possibly can
oh so I'm gonna do want to say some of
you I can't reply to I think it's
because you don't have a Google+ account
I'm not absolutely sure but sometimes I
literally it won't let me respond
there's no reply button no way so if you
leave me a comment and I don't seem to
ever apply to you but I reply to
everyone else that is why so please set
up a google plus account so we can talk
or find me on instagram twitter or
facebook and i would love to chat with
you there and i believe that is
everything thank you guys so much for
watching and i will talk to you soon
love you all bye
you